README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD041 -->
![Snowstorm](img/snowstorm_backdrop.png)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD036 -->
**INSTALLATION**

The "Snowstorm Project" is a clean & elegant [Visual Studio Code Theme][1] designed
to match a minimalistic Blue & White Colour Palettes. To install the "Snowstorm
Theme" within [Visual Studio Code][1] you will need to search for "Snowstorm
Theme" within the [Extension Menu][2].  

Alternatively, you can install the Extension by using the [VSIX File][3] by running
the following command (_Replace the "X.X.X" with the current [Release Version][4]_):

```powershell
code --install-extension snowstorm-color-theme-X.X.X.vsix
```

**BUILD PROJECT**

The "Snowstorm Project" consist of a "[launch.json][5]" & "[tasks.json][6]" File.
Before you can build the "Snowstorm Project" locally you will need to install
"[NodeJS][7]". This is required as the "Snowstorm Project" uses "[npm][8]" to
Build, Lint & Package the Project.

To launch the "Snowstorm Project" you will need to press the "F5" Key within
[Visual Studio Code][1]. This will open an [Extension Host][9] which will allow
you to analyse & debug the "Snowstorm Project" locally.

[1]: https://code.visualstudio.com/ "Visual Studio Code"
[2]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace "Extension Marketplace"
[3]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_install-from-a-vsix "VSIX File"
[4]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/releases "Snowstorm Project"
[5]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/blob/build/.vscode/launch.json "Project File"
[6]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/blob/build/.vscode/tasks.json "Project File"
[7]: https://nodejs.org/en/ "NodeJS"
[8]: https://www.npmjs.com/ "NPM"
[9]: https://code.visualstudio.com/api/advanced-topics/extension-host "Extension Host"

Commit message:

V1.3.0
Update Commit - Integrated funding options for the Snowstorm Project

- Integrated funding option within the 'FUNDING.yml' & 'package.json' Files
- Updated the 'README.md' with additional information about the Project

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD041 -->
![Snowstorm](img/snowstorm_backdrop.png)

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD036 -->
**INSTALLATION**

The "Snowstorm Project" is a clean & elegant [Visual Studio Code Theme][1] designed
to match a minimalistic Blue & White Colour Palettes. To install the "Snowstorm
Theme" within [Visual Studio Code][1] you will need to search for "Snowstorm
Theme" within the [Extension Menu][2].  

Alternatively, you can install the Extension by using the [VSIX File][3] by running
the following command (_Replace the "X.X.X" with the current [Release Version][4]_):

```powershell
code --install-extension snowstorm-color-theme-X.X.X.vsix
```

**BUILD PROJECT**

The "Snowstorm Project" consist of a "[launch.json][5]" & "[tasks.json][6]" file.
Before you can build the "Snowstorm Project" locally you will need to install
"[NodeJS][7]". This is required as the "Snowstorm Project" uses "[npm][8]" to
Build, Lint & Package the Project.

To launch the "Snowstorm Project" you will need to press the "F5" Key within
[Visual Studio Code][1]. This will open an [Extension Host][9] which will allow
you to analyse & debug the "Snowstorm Project" locally.

**NPM SCRIPTS**

The "Snowstorm Project" consist of some "[npm][8]" scripts which are configured
within the "[package.json][10]" file. These are mainly configured to Build, Lint
& Package the "Snowstorm Project".

You can run these scripts by running the "[tasks.json][6]" file which will build
the Project _(See [Task][11] for more information)_ or by running the following
command:

```powershell
npm run build
```

[1]: https://code.visualstudio.com/ "Visual Studio Code"
[2]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace "Extension Marketplace"
[3]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_install-from-a-vsix "VSIX File"
[4]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/releases "Snowstorm Project"
[5]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/blob/build/.vscode/launch.json "Project File"
[6]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/blob/build/.vscode/tasks.json "Project File"
[7]: https://nodejs.org/en/ "NodeJS"
[8]: https://www.npmjs.com/ "NPM"
[9]: https://code.visualstudio.com/api/advanced-topics/extension-host "Extension Host"
[10]: https://github.com/ShaidK/Snowstorm/blob/build/package.json "Package JSON"
[11]: https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/tasks "Task"
